[IMP] Recruitment: Update schedule interviews (#13690)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/recruitment/schedule_interviews.rst

Schedule interviews
===================

With one drag-and-drop, Odoo emails the candidate with a self-service link, the candidate books the
time slot, and sends the meeting to everyone's calendar. No more back-and-forth emails or calls.

An in-person, virtual, or phone interview can be scheduled in one of two ways through the
**Recruitment** app, either by the :ref:`recruitment team
<recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by the :ref:`applicant

> <recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.

Reviewer: i think these two paragraphs would flow better swapped around 

```
An in-person, virtual, or phone interview can be scheduled in one of two ways through the
**Recruitment** app, either by the :ref:`recruitment team
<recruitment/schedule_interviews/recruitment-scheduled>`, or by the :ref:`applicant
<recruitment/schedule_interviews/applicant-scheduled>`.

With one drag-and-drop, Odoo emails the candidate with a self-service link, the candidate books the
time slot, and sends the meeting to everyone's calendar.
```

    `15` to set the meeting to occur on the fifteenth of every month).
  - :guilabel:`Until`: using the drop-down menu, select when the meetings stop repeating. The
    available options are :guilabel:`Number of repetitions`, :guilabel:`End date`, and
    :guilabel:`Forever`. If :guilabel:`Number of repetitions` is selected, enter the number of total
    meetings to occur in the blank field to the right. If :guilabel:`End date` is selected, specify

>     the date using the calendar pop-up window, or type in a date in a XX/XX/XXXX format.

Reviewer: no strong preference either format but i thought it might be helpful to indicate what each of the x's meant (:
```suggestion
    the date using the calendar pop-up window, or type in a date in a MM/DD/YYYY format.
```

After either the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages are
:ref:`modified to send the <recruitment/schedule_interviews/modify-stage>` :guilabel:`Recruitment:
Schedule interview` email to the applicant upon moving their applicant card to one of those stages,

> an email with the following subject is received by the applicant:

Reviewer: This sentence reads a little passive to me, so it was unclear to me what Odoo was doing. How about:

After configuring the :guilabel:`First Interview` or :guilabel:`Second Interview` stages to :ref:`send emails <recruitment/schedule_interviews/modify-stage>`, drag-and-drop the applicant card into one of these stages to send the email.

(omiting the "email with the following.. line)

This a totally optional suggestion!

`Subject: Can we plan an interview together for your (Job Position) application?`

`Hello,`
`Thanks for your application and interest in (company name).`

`I would like to organize a phone interview with you, it should last about 30 min. We'll go through
your resume and motivations to join the (company name) team. You can book a slot in our agenda by

> cliking on the button below.`

Author: I guess I added it since you'll see it in the chatter, and just so they know what is being sent - they can visually check. I changed this to just showing what the subject is, I think that's cleaner/neater. But I didn't want to leave out the 'send email' step since it's part of the flow (and without the email body it looked like a very short./too short section)

> cliking on the button below.`

Reviewer: Is it possible to add the "Send Email" step to one of the sections above?

Merge this section with something above?
